A wealthy donor is interested in offering to upgrade our GeoCistern in New Szolnok for free. In return, she is hoping for a "slight" change in our economic policies, toward a more industrial model // accept

A talented programmer in Neo-Debrecen is rapidly gaining popularity all across Mars. with the right support, he could become a true cultural phenomenon. How should we promote his work?
- paid broadcasts (+1,500c in Neo-Debrecen)
- live shows (+5/min population in Neo-Debrecen)

The citizens of Mars love their new home, but worlds away, people are still suffering. If we were to adopt a more democratic style of government, we could encourage immigrants from throughout the solar system to come settle here, boosting population growth in every one of our cities.

During an intese dust storm, over a dozen travelers reported seeing a huge stone face carved into the mountains near New Turku. When the dust settled, it could not be relocated, but the witnesses insist that something is out there.

Neo-Zalaegerszeg is buzzing with rumors that a person, never clearly glimpsed but definitely humanoid, was seen walking freely on the surface without protection. A local legend has developed about the so-called "Hiker", a reclusive human (or even alien) surviving alone on the surface of Mars.

A hit TV show has been released which portrays New Szolnok as a sexy, vibrant, exciting city full of thrilling advertures and exotic romance. People have begun flocking to Mars in the hope of capturing this dream for themselves, resulting in a minor population boom for New Szolnok.

Rich iridium deposits have been discovered throughout the New Szeged region. Prospectors are already flocking to the site, and we expect it to be a major boost to the local economy

During a routine inspection of the Neo-Marosvásárhely Hab Dome, engineers discovered several potentially disastrous fungus colonies which have led them to downgrade its rating from Level V to Level IV

A rash of organized crime has spread throughout New Szolnok. The local police are doing their best to get it under control, but in the meantime, New Szolnok has become a substantially less-attractive place to live

A new style of architecture is developing in New Rovaniemi, which emphasizes stone surfaces and geometric proportions. While still in its infancy, this new style is quickly being adopted by local architects and has become heavily associated with New Rovaniemi in the public eye.

A protestor from the Sons of Hephaestus has been making waves in Neo-Debrecen, spreading a hateful anti-terraforming message. Even more troubling, they seem to be swaying some of the more impressionable young people in the city:
	// assassin, or let them protest
